Description:
Player can customize a set of character and fight a wave of enemies.
Story element need to be implemented.

Character
	Name
		Name of the character
	Colour
		Character colour
	Trait
		Character trait
	Leader
		Effect of the character activate when they are leader of the team 
		Ex. Increase base Health for Green Character by 2 times
	Health
		Health of the character
	Attack
		Attack stat of the character 
	Special
		Has a cost value with a ability of what the special of the character
			Ex. Change the board blue colour shape to green colour
	Ultimate
		Special effect for the character (must fulfill condition read the Connecting Shape Section to know more in detail)
			Ex. Deal damage
	Ace
		Special effect for the character (must fulfill condition read the Connecting Shape Section to know more in detail)
			Ex. Deal damage
	Condition
		Only appear in game mode
		Special condition placed on the character
		Ex. Cannot activate special
Enemy
	Name
		Name of the ememy
	Colour
		Enemy colour
	Trait
		Enemy trait
	Health
		Health of the enemy
	Attack
		Attack stat of the character 
	Special
		Special of the character
			Ex. Block special of front character for 3 turns
Tile
	Colour
		Red
		Green
		Blue
		Yellow (Wild colour)
	Shape
		Circle
		Triangle
		Square
		Star (Wild shape)

Game Mechanics
Battle
There will be 3 characters in the front and 3 characters in the back
Each turn the player can make up to 3 actions
	Attack
		Deal damage based on your attack stat * # of connected shapes on the screen
		Please Refer in the Connecting Shape Section to know more in detail
	Special
		Use up special meter and activate special ability (each character has different abilities)
	Switch
		Switch 1 character in the front with the back
Connecting Shape
	Player will see 5x5 grid of tiles
	Player will start on any space on the grid and try to connect as many as they want in a single flow (in any direction) without overlapping
	The rule for connecting is they must be all the same shape or colour excluding special wild space
		Ex. Connect 3 green colour shape
		Ex. Connect 2 square shape
		Ex. Connect 3 red triangle shape
	Bonus damage may occur when the colour and character colour are the same
		Ex. Red type character and connected 3 red shapes. Deal double damage bonus damage after damage total = (atk * 3 shapes) * 2 (same colour)
	When the connected tiles has been used they become removed and a new set of tiles will fill in from top to bottom order and left to right in each row
	The filled in shape are random (But user can see the next 3 shapes and colour that will get filled in)
		Ex. Next tiles (Green Triangle, Blue Square, Blue Square). Player connected 2 red square. The Green Triangle gets placed first then Blue Square gets filled in. After the next tiles will be (Blue Square, Blue Triangle, Red Circle)
	When player is able to connect a total of 16+ then activate ultimate
	When player is able to connect a total of 25 then activate ace
Enemy Turn
	Attack
		Deal damage based on their attack stat to a specific character 
	Special
		Activate special ability depending on health or cooldown time
Damage Calculation
	Attack stat of the character * number of connected tiles
	Bonus multiplier for weekness
		Red > Green > Blue > Red
	Bonus multiplier for same colour (x2)
Health Calculation
	Add the total health of all the character in your team
	Each health might have adjusted value
		Ex. 50hp (base) * Leader Skill effect (*3) = 150hp
Lose Condition
	When player health reach 0
Win Condition
	When player was able to reduce all enemy health to 0

Customize
Player can set up to 5 character where they are 3 character in the front while 2 in the back. Last character spot is for guest character (another player of CPU generated character)
Player choose a leader from one of the 5 characters
Guest and CPU also are selected as leader (meaning in the game their are 2 leader ability active)
Cannot select duplicate or same name of the character